{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28100\viewh8620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 TPS 1 
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\
1. William, Francisco, Jay (Jayesh)\
2. https://macpaw.com/how-to/use-terminal-on-mac, https://support.apple.com/guide/terminal/get-started-pht23b129fed/mac, https://www.makeuseof.com/tag/beginners-guide-mac-terminal/\
3. Results were shared with TPS partners.\
4. Results were also bookmarked.\
\

\f0\b\fs36 \ul TPS 2 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone 1. To open the terminal on Mac, you can just find the app for the terminal and open the terminal from there. \
	a. Yes you can open more than 1 terminal on Mac. You just click open new window and that opens a new terminal. \
	b. It might be good to open more than 1 terminal if you have to test or run multiple things in your program.\
2. For the command it would be ls to see what contents are in the current directory. \
3. To navigate to the desktop directory you can just type cd for that.\
4. To make a new directory called CSE 31 you can just type mkdir and then CSE31 after.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul TPS 3\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone 1. https://cs.millersville.edu/~gzoppetti/InstallingGccMac.html, https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/118830/install-gcc-to-mac-via-terminal\
2. Results were shared and discussed with partners.\
3. The command that you would use to compile a file in the terminal would be gcc main.c.\
4. You would know if your program compiled successfully if when you run the command it returns the directory message. If not there would be some kind of error message. \
5. The -c option compiles source files without linking. \
6. The -g option tells the compiler to make debugging information in the compiled executable. \
7. You can modify the gcc compilation command by typing gcc main.c -o cselab1.\
8. It will just name the output file a.out and to run you would type ./a.out.\
9. To run the program I used the ./main command to run everything. \
\
\
\
\
}